README.rst, before:

=====
Data Queues
=====

dataqs (Data Queues) is a simple Django app to download, process,
and import spatial data into GeoServer/GeoNode.


Quick start
-----------

1. Add "dataqs" to your INSTALLED_APPS setting like this::

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'dataqs',
        'dataqs.forecastio',
        'dataqs.gfms',
        'dataqs.airnow',
        'dataqs.wqp',
        'dataqs.aqicn',
        #etc
    )
    
2. In your settings.py or local_settings.py file, add a CELERYBEAT_SCHEDULE
   setting to specify when Celery should run data_queues tasks::
   
   	from celery.schedules import crontab
	CELERYBEAT_SCHEDULE = {
	    'gfms': {
	        'task': 'dataqs.gfms.tasks.gfms_task',
	        'schedule': crontab(minute='3'),
	        'args': ()
	    },
	    'forecast_io': {
	        'task': 'dataqs.forecastio.tasks.forecast_io_task',
	        'schedule': crontab(minute='1'),
	        'args': ()
	    },
	        'task': 'dataqs.aqicn.tasks.aqicn_task',
	        'schedule': crontab(hour='*/6', minute='0'),
	        'args': ([],)
	    },
	}

3. Also add the following settings::
  
	#Location of GeoServer data directory
	GS_DATA_DIR = '/usr/share/geoserver/data'

	#Directory where temporary dataqs geoprocessing files should be downloaded
	GS_TMP_DIR = GS_DATA_DIR + '/tmp'

	#AirNow API username:password
	#(sign up for a free account at http://airnowapi.org/account/request/)
	AIRNOW_ACCOUNT = 'your_airnow_username:your_airnow_password'

	#NASA GPM FTP ACCOUNT
	#(sign up at http://registration.pps.eosdis.nasa.gov/registration/)
	GPM_ACCOUNT = 'your_gpm_email_account'

	#Time to wait before updating Geoserver mosaic (keep at 0 unless Geoserver
	#is on a different server. In that case, there will need to be an automated
	#rsync between GS_TMP_DIR where celery is running and
	#GS_DATA_DIR where GeoServer is running.
	RSYNC_WAIT_TIME = 0

4. In order to run the spei processor, the following must be installed::

    sudo apt-get install netcdf-bin
    sudo apt-get install cdo

Commit message:

Processor for layers from the HIFLD website.

README.rst, after:

=====
Data Queues
=====

dataqs (Data Queues) is a simple Django app to download, process,
and import spatial data into GeoServer/GeoNode.


Quick start
-----------

1. Add "dataqs" to your INSTALLED_APPS setting like this::

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'dataqs',
        'dataqs.forecastio',
        'dataqs.gfms',
        'dataqs.airnow',
        'dataqs.wqp',
        'dataqs.aqicn',
        #etc
    )
    
2. In your settings.py or local_settings.py file, add a CELERYBEAT_SCHEDULE
   setting to specify when Celery should run data_queues tasks::
   
   	from celery.schedules import crontab
	CELERYBEAT_SCHEDULE = {
	    'gfms': {
	        'task': 'dataqs.gfms.tasks.gfms_task',
	        'schedule': crontab(minute='3'),
	        'args': ()
	    },
	    'forecast_io': {
	        'task': 'dataqs.forecastio.tasks.forecast_io_task',
	        'schedule': crontab(minute='1'),
	        'args': ()
	    },
	        'task': 'dataqs.aqicn.tasks.aqicn_task',
	        'schedule': crontab(hour='*/6', minute='0'),
	        'args': ([],)
	    },
	}

3. Also add the following settings::
  
	#Location of GeoServer data directory
	GS_DATA_DIR = '/usr/share/geoserver/data'

	#Directory where temporary dataqs geoprocessing files should be downloaded
	GS_TMP_DIR = GS_DATA_DIR + '/tmp'

	#AirNow API username:password
	#(sign up for a free account at http://airnowapi.org/account/request/)
	AIRNOW_ACCOUNT = 'your_airnow_username:your_airnow_password'

	#NASA GPM FTP ACCOUNT
	#(sign up at http://registration.pps.eosdis.nasa.gov/registration/)
	GPM_ACCOUNT = 'your_gpm_email_account'

	#HIFLD: Dictionary of layers to process in the form of:
	HIFLD_LAYERS = [
	    {
            'name': 'US State Boundaries',
            'url': 'https://hifld-dhs-gii.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/718791120f6549708cb642dac6ff0dbf_0.geojson',
            'table': 'state_boundaries',
            'sld': 'polygon'
        },
        {
            'name': 'Cities and Towns NTAD',
            'url': 'https://hifld-dhs-gii.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/6a1e404a10754e59bac4bfa50db3f487_0.geojson',
            'table': 'cities_towns',
            'sld': 'point'
        },
        {
            'name': 'Roads and Railroad Tunnels',
            'url': 'https://hifld-dhs-gii.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/2f6abb736360437ba363e0a1210b4d36_0.geojson',
            'table': 'roads_tunnels',
            'sld': 'line'
        }
	]

	#Time to wait before updating Geoserver mosaic (keep at 0 unless Geoserver
	#is on a different server. In that case, there will need to be an automated
	#rsync between GS_TMP_DIR where celery is running and
	#GS_DATA_DIR where GeoServer is running.
	RSYNC_WAIT_TIME = 0

4. In order to run the spei processor, the following must be installed::

    sudo apt-get install netcdf-bin
    sudo apt-get install cdo
